Add youtube links. DesignPrinciples -> Concepts (#4)
kabilar/datajoint-docs: src/elements/concepts.md

For example, Element `element_calcium_imaging` is hosted at https://github.com/datajoint/element-calcium-imaging
and contains two DataJoint schemas: `scan` and `imaging`.

### YouTube Tutorials

The following YouTube videos provide information on basic design principles and file organization.

- [Why neuroscientists should use relational databases](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q-PMUSC5P5o) 
  compared to traditional file heirarchies.
- [Quickstart Guide](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5R-qnz37BKU) including 
  terminology, and how to read DataJoint Diagrams and DataJoint Python table 
  definitions.

> - [Intro to the Element/Workflow Files](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tat9MSjkH_U)
>   for an overview of the structure of the respective GitHub repositiories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Intro to the Element and Workflow files](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tat9MSjkH_U)
  for an overview of the respective GitHub repositories.
```
